[FEATURE] Stage 1 goals and 2 prerequisites (#758) (#762)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-CommunityExpansionCommittee: Documentation/Stage-1-Introduction/Index.rst

By the end of this stage, you should know the following:

> * Install and configure DDEV on your local computer
> * Setup a Git repository for your project
> * Use Composer to install a TYPO3 project in a DDEV container
> * Configure a TYPO3 project
> * Install and configure Bootstrap Package extension for newly the created TYPO3 project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* How to install and configure DDEV on your local computer
* How to setup a Git repository for your project
* How to use Composer to install a TYPO3 project in a DDEV container
* How to configure a TYPO3 project
* How to install and configure the Bootstrap Package extension for a TYPO3 project
```

On "how to configure a TYPO3 project", maybe add a few words that limits the scope. For example "to run in your local development environment"
